are you an idiot ginger I'll be the only
one left Mick will be gone Terry will be
gone
Duane will be gone I am a scientist and
I understand the business side I'm the
only one qualified to run a de yeah mark
that's completely illogical how can you
possibly stay there when you've just
taken down the company because they need
me to run the company first of all I'm
extremely valuable to the company and
secondly I did the right thing okay the
board is gonna see that before it's
gonna respect that
it's the FBI right they're brainwashing
you it's Brian Shepard putting these
ideas in your head to keep you working
for I'm telling you they will make me
the next president of it